Wpf documentation for 4.8 features and bug fixes (#968)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/wpf-keyboard-navigation-listbox-hyperlink.md

## Keyboard navigation improvement in ListBox with Hyperlinks

### Scope
Major

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Source Analyzer Status
NotPlanned

### Change Description

> Fixed incorrect result of pressing an arrow key when focus is on a hyperlink within an item that is not the [SelectedItem](xref:System.Windows.Controls.SelectedItemColleciton) of the parent [ItemsControls](xref:System.Windows.Controls.ItemsControl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed incorrect result of pressing an arrow key when the focus is on a hyperlink within an item that is not the [SelectedItem](xref:System.Windows.Controls.SelectedItemCollection) of the parent <xref:System.Windows.Controls.ItemsControl>.
```
